s = require("hs.host.sysctl")
r = s.walk(function(s, n) local t, te = n:type() ; local v, ve = n:value() ; return (not t or ve) and true or false end)

name                                            type               fmt                      sLen    empty  tError         vError

kern.proc.all                                   ** unknown type 0  n/a                      356400         unknown value  sysctl-direct only
kern.proc.pid                                   ** unknown type 0  n/a                      n/a            unknown value  oid size mismatch
kern.proc.pgrp                                  ** unknown type 0  n/a                      n/a            unknown value  oid size mismatch
kern.proc.tty                                   ** unknown type 0  n/a                      n/a            unknown value  oid size mismatch
kern.proc.uid                                   ** unknown type 0  n/a                      n/a            unknown value  oid size mismatch
kern.proc.ruid                                  ** unknown type 0  n/a                      n/a            unknown value  oid size mismatch
kern.proc.lcid                                  ** unknown type 0  n/a                      n/a            unknown value  oid size mismatch
kern.kdebug                                     ** unknown type 0  n/a                      n/a            unknown value  value not available
kern.ipc.mleak_top_trace                        struct             S,mb_top_trace           n/a                           device not configured
kern.ipc.mleak_table                            struct             S,mleak_table            n/a                           device not configured
kern.symfile                                    string             A                        n/a                           input/output error
kern.procargs                                   ** unknown type 0  n/a                      n/a            unknown value  oid size mismatch
kern.sysv.ipcs.shm                              struct             S,IPCS_shm_command       n/a                           oid size mismatch
kern.sysv.ipcs.sem                              struct             S,IPCS_sem_command       n/a                           oid size mismatch
kern.sysv.ipcs.msg                              struct             S,IPCS_msg_command       n/a                           oid size mismatch
kern.procargs2                                  ** unknown type 0  n/a                      n/a            unknown value  oid size mismatch
kern.monotonic.kdebug_test                      int                O                        n/a                           oid size mismatch
kern.monotonic.fixed_cpu_perf                   int                O                        n/a                           invalid address
kern.monotonic.fixed_thread_perf                int                O                        n/a                           invalid address
kern.monotonic.fixed_task_perf                  int                O                        n/a                           invalid address
kern.sched_stats                                ** unknown type 0  -                        n/a                           oid size mismatch
kern.sched_stats_enable                         ** unknown type 0  -                        n/a                           oid size mismatch
kern.protoboot                                  string             A                        n/a                           value not available
kern.systemfilesetuuid                          string             A                        n/a                           unknown value
kern.imgsrcdev                                  int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.imgsrcinfo                                 struct             I                        n/a                           device not configured
kern.next_ecc_event                             struct             -                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.stats.netns                        struct             -                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.stats.protons                      struct                                      n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.stats.arena                        struct             S,sk_stats_arena         n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.stats.flow                         struct             S,sk_stats_flow          n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.stats.flow_owner                   struct             S,sk_stats_flow_owner    n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.stats.flow_route                   struct             S,sk_stats_flow_route    n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.stats.net_if                       struct             S,sk_stats_net_if        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.stats.flow_switch                  struct             S,sk_stats_flow_switch   n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.stats.userstack                    struct             S,sk_stats_userstack     n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.stats.flow_adv                     struct             S,sk_stats_flow_adv      n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.nexus_provider_list                struct             S,nexus_provider_info_t  n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.skywalk.nexus_channel_list                 struct             S,nexus_channel_entry_t  n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.hibernatepreview                           struct             S                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kern.aotmetrics                                 struct             S,IOPMAOTMetrics         n/a                           unknown value
kern.BootCache                                  struct             S,BC_command             n/a                           oid size mismatch
vm.get_owned_vmobjects                          struct             A                        n/a                           oid size mismatch
vm.enforce_shared_cache_dir                     int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
vfs.generic.noremotehang                        int                I                        n/a                           oid size mismatch
vfs.generic.trace_paths                         ** unknown type 0  -                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
vfs.nspace.complete                             struct             -                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
net.inet.tcp.fastopen_key                       string             S                        n/a                           oid size mismatch
net.inet.tcp.progress                           struct             S                        n/a                           permission denied
net.inet.tcp.info                               struct             S                        n/a                           oid size mismatch
net.link.generic.system.companion_sndbuf_limit  int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
net.link.generic.system.port_used.list          struct             S,xnpigen                n/a                           insufficient privileges
net.link.generic.system.ipsec_wake_pkt          struct             S,ipsec wake packet      n/a                           insufficient privileges
debug.SCSIArchitectureModel                     struct             SCSIArchitectureModel    n/a                           oid size mismatch
debug.SCSIMPIOStatistics                        struct             SCSIMPIOStatistics       n/a                           oid size mismatch
hw.busfrequency_compat                          int                I                        n/a                           unknown value
hw.cpufrequency_compat                          int                I                        n/a                           unknown value
hw.l3settings                                   int                I                        n/a                           oid size mismatch
hw.l3cachesize_compat                           int                I                        n/a                           oid size mismatch
hw.busfrequency                                 signed64           Q                        n/a                           unknown value
hw.busfrequency_min                             signed64           Q                        n/a                           unknown value
hw.busfrequency_max                             signed64           Q                        n/a                           unknown value
hw.cpufrequency                                 signed64           Q                        n/a                           unknown value
hw.cpufrequency_min                             signed64           Q                        n/a                           unknown value
hw.cpufrequency_max                             signed64           Q                        n/a                           unknown value
hw.l3cachesize                                  signed64           Q                        n/a                           oid size mismatch
hw.optional.mmx                                 int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.sse                                 int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.sse2                                int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.sse3                                int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.supplementalsse3                    int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.sse4_1                              int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.sse4_2                              int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.x86_64                              int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.aes                                 int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.avx1_0                              int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.rdrand                              int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.f16c                                int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.enfstrg                             int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.fma                                 int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.avx2_0                              int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.bmi1                                int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.bmi2                                int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.rtm                                 int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.hle                                 int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.adx                                 int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.mpx                                 int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.sgx                                 int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.avx512f                             int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.avx512cd                            int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.avx512dq                            int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.avx512bw                            int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.avx512vl                            int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.avx512ifma                          int                I                        n/a                           value not available
hw.optional.avx512vbmi                          int                I                        n/a                           value not available
machdep.cpu.features                            string             A                        n/a                           unknown value
machdep.cpu.feature_bits                        unsigned64         IU                       n/a                           unknown value
machdep.cpu.family                              int                I                        n/a                           unknown value
ktrace.init_background                          int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.action.count                              int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.action.samplers                           ** unknown type 0  UQ                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.action.userdata                           ** unknown type 0  UQ                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.action.filter_by_task                     ** unknown type 0  UQ                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.action.filter_by_pid                      ** unknown type 0  UQ                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.action.ucallstack_depth                   int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.action.kcallstack_depth                   int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.timer.count                               int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.timer.period                              ** unknown type 0  UQ                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.timer.action                              ** unknown type 0  UQ                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.timer.pet_timer                           int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.kdebug.action                             int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.kdebug.filter                             int                P                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.lazy.wait_time_threshold                  ** unknown type 0  UQ                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.lazy.wait_action                          ** unknown type 0  UQ                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.lazy.cpu_time_threshold                   ** unknown type 0  UQ                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.lazy.cpu_action                           ** unknown type 0  UQ                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.sampling                                  int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.reset                                     ** unknown type 0  -                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.blessed_pid                               int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.blessed_preempt                           int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.kdbg_cswitch                              int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.pet_idle_rate                             int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kperf.lightweight_pet                           int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.counting                                    int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.thread_counting                             int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.pmu_version                                 int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.sw_inc                                      struct             S                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.thread_counters                             ** unknown type 0  QU                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.counters                                    ** unknown type 0  QU                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.shadow_counters                             ** unknown type 0  QU                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.config                                      ** unknown type 0  QU                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.period                                      ** unknown type 0  QU                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.actionid                                    ** unknown type 0  QU                       n/a                           insufficient privileges
kpc.force_all_ctrs                              int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges
security.mac.asp.willshutdown                   int                I                        n/a                           insufficient privileges



