Intel Big Sur vs Catalina: Catalina Additions

name                                          type               fmt                  sLen  empty  tError  vError

debug.darkwake                                int                I                    n/a
debug.SDXC                                    struct             SDXC                 0     empty
debug.USBMassStorageClass                     ** unknown type 0  USBMassStorageClass  0     empty
kern.skywalk.flowswitch.en3.ipfm.drain        int                I                    n/a
kern.skywalk.flowswitch.en3.ipfm.frag_count   unsignedInt        IU                   n/a
kern.skywalk.flowswitch.en3.ipfm.frag_limit   unsignedInt        IU                   n/a
kern.skywalk.flowswitch.en3.ipfm.queue_count  unsignedInt        IU                   n/a
kern.skywalk.flowswitch.en3.ipfm.queue_limit  unsignedInt        IU                   n/a
net.inet.mptcp.userto                         int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.ack_prioritize                   int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.do_tcpdrain                      int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.doautosndbuf                     int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.lro                              int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.lro_startcnt                     int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.lro_sz                           int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.lro_time                         int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.lrodbg                           int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.rfc1644                          int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.rfc3390                          int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.slowstart_flightsize             int                I                    n/a
net.inet.tcp.tcp_lq_overflow                  int                I                    n/a
net.link.fake.copypkt_mode                    int                I                    n/a
security.mac.asp.cache_allocation_count       int                I                    n/a
security.mac.asp.cache_entry_count            int                I                    n/a
security.mac.asp.cache_release_count          int                I                    n/a
security.mac.asp.exec_hook_count              long               L                    n/a
security.mac.asp.exec_hook_sleep_time         long               L                    n/a
security.mac.asp.exec_hook_work_time          long               L                    n/a
security.mac.asp.library_hook_count           long               L                    n/a
security.mac.asp.library_hook_time            long               L                    n/a
security.mac.asp.library_sleep_time           long               L                    n/a
security.mac.asp.pending_evaluation_count     long               L                    n/a
vfs.afpfs                                     node               -                    6



debug.darkwake
debug.SDXC
debug.USBMassStorageClass
kern.skywalk.flowswitch.en3.ipfm.drain
kern.skywalk.flowswitch.en3.ipfm.frag_count
kern.skywalk.flowswitch.en3.ipfm.frag_limit
kern.skywalk.flowswitch.en3.ipfm.queue_count
kern.skywalk.flowswitch.en3.ipfm.queue_limit
net.inet.mptcp.userto
net.inet.tcp.ack_prioritize
net.inet.tcp.do_tcpdrain
net.inet.tcp.doautosndbuf
net.inet.tcp.lro
net.inet.tcp.lro_startcnt
net.inet.tcp.lro_sz
net.inet.tcp.lro_time
net.inet.tcp.lrodbg
net.inet.tcp.rfc1644
net.inet.tcp.rfc3390
net.inet.tcp.slowstart_flightsize
net.inet.tcp.tcp_lq_overflow
net.link.fake.copypkt_mode
security.mac.asp.cache_allocation_count
security.mac.asp.cache_entry_count
security.mac.asp.cache_release_count
security.mac.asp.exec_hook_count
security.mac.asp.exec_hook_sleep_time
security.mac.asp.exec_hook_work_time
security.mac.asp.library_hook_count
security.mac.asp.library_hook_time
security.mac.asp.library_sleep_time
security.mac.asp.pending_evaluation_count
vfs.afpfs

