M1 vs Intel: Intel Big Sur Additions:

name                                              type               fmt                 sLen  empty  tError  vError

debug.acpi_flags                                  int                I                   n/a
debug.acpi_layer                                  int                I                   n/a
debug.acpi_level                                  int                I                   n/a
debug.agpm.LogLevel                               signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.AHCI                                        ** unknown type 0  AHCI                0     empty
debug.AHCIDisk                                    ** unknown type 0  AHCIDisk            n/a                  unknown system error -536870207
debug.AHCIPortMultiplier                          ** unknown type 0  AHCIPortMultiplier  0     empty
debug.brcmfirewirelog                             int                I                   n/a
debug.brcmlinkdebug                               int                I                   n/a
debug.brcmlogging                                 int                I                   n/a
debug.intel.dtraceEnable                          signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.flipCount                             signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.GlobalUsageTotal_Busy_nSec            signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.GlobalUsageTotal_nSec                 signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.gpuUsageEnables                       signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.gpuUsageEnablesCheck                  signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.graphicsTracePointEnable              signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.IGInterruptControl                    signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.kdctlVersion                          signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.mSecCalcGPUBusy                       signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.oaEnable                              signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.perfEventEnable                       signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringBlit_nSec                         signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringBlitUsage                         signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringMain_nSec                         signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringMainUsage                         signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringMedia_nSec                        signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringMedia2_nSec                       signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringMedia2Usage                       signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringMediaUsage                        signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringOnSample                          signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringTakeSample                        signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringVEBox_nSec                        signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.ringVEBoxUsage                        signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.swapCount                             signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetryAltConfig                    signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetryConfig                       signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetryMode                         signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetryNumFrame                     signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetrySampleLocations              signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetrySpot1                        signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetryStartFrame                   signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetryStatPasses                   signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetryStopFrame                    signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetryTestCase                     signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetryUsageReportmSec              signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.telemetryVersion                      signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.temp0                                 signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.temp1                                 signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.temp2                                 signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.temp3                                 signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intel.temp4                                 signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.FakeType2Dongle                     signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.fLastRequestedPState                signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.forceSlicesGTx                      signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.graphicsTracePointEnable            signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.IGInterruptControl                  signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.sliceInfo                           signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.temp0                               signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.temp1                               signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.temp2                               signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.temp3                               signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.temp4                               signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.intelfb.testCase                            signed64           Q                   n/a
debug.ioppf                                       int                I                   n/a
debug.kDisplayVar                                 ** unknown type 0  kDisplayVar         n/a                  insufficient privileges
debug.KernelPrintf                                ** unknown type 0  KernelPrintf        n/a                  insufficient privileges
debug.USB                                         ** unknown type 0  USB                 0     empty
debug.wlan_ll_debug                               int                I                   n/a
hw.cputhreadtype                                  int                I                   n/a
kern.dirtystatus_tracking_enabled                 int                I                   n/a
kern.hv.vmx_mitigations                           int                I                   n/a
kern.hv.vmx_supported_mitigations                 int                I                   n/a
kern.interrupt_timer_coalescing_enabled           int                I                   n/a
kern.timer_coalesce_idle_entry_hard_deadline_max  int                I                   n/a
kern.zleak.active                                 int                I                   n/a
kern.zleak.global_threshold                       signed64           Q                   n/a
kern.zleak.max_zonemap_size                       signed64           Q                   n/a
kern.zleak.zone_threshold                         signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.cpu.address_bits.physical                 int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.address_bits.virtual                  int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.events                      int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.events_number               int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.fixed_number                int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.fixed_width                 int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.number                      int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.version                     int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.width                       int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.brand                                 int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.cache.L2_associativity                int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.cache.linesize                        int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.cache.size                            int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.extfamily                             int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.extfeature_bits                       unsigned64         IU                  n/a
machdep.cpu.extfeatures                           string             A                   47
machdep.cpu.extmodel                              int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.flex_ratio.desired                    int                I                   n/a                  unknown value
machdep.cpu.flex_ratio.max                        int                I                   n/a                  unknown value
machdep.cpu.flex_ratio.min                        int                I                   n/a                  unknown value
machdep.cpu.leaf7_feature_bits                    unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.cpu.leaf7_feature_bits_edx                unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.cpu.leaf7_features                        string             A                   97
machdep.cpu.max_basic                             unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.cpu.max_ext                               unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.cpu.microcode_version                     int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.model                                 int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.mwait.extensions                      int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.mwait.linesize_max                    int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.mwait.linesize_min                    int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.mwait.sub_Cstates                     int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.processor_flag                        int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.signature                             int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.stepping                              int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.thermal.ACNT_MCNT                     int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.thermal.core_power_limits             int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.thermal.dynamic_acceleration          int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.thermal.energy_policy                 int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.thermal.fine_grain_clock_mod          int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.thermal.hardware_feedback             int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.thermal.invariant_APIC_timer          int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.thermal.package_thermal_intr          int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.thermal.sensor                        int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.thermal.thresholds                    int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.tlb.data.large                        int                I                   n/a                  unknown value
machdep.cpu.tlb.data.large_level1                 int                I                   n/a                  unknown value
machdep.cpu.tlb.data.small                        int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.tlb.data.small_level1                 int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.tlb.inst.large                        int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.tlb.inst.small                        int                I                   n/a                  unknown value
machdep.cpu.tlb.shared                            int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.tsc_ccc.denominator                   int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.tsc_ccc.numerator                     int                I                   n/a
machdep.cpu.ucupdate                              opaque             S                   n/a                  oid size mismatch
machdep.cpu.vendor                                string             A                   12
machdep.cpu.xsave.extended_state                  unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.cpu.xsave.extended_state1                 unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.eager_timer_evaluation_max                signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.eager_timer_evaluations                   int                I                   n/a
machdep.memmap.ACPINVS                            signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.memmap.ACPIReclaim                        signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.memmap.Conventional                       signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.memmap.Other                              signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.memmap.PalCode                            signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.memmap.Reserved                           signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.memmap.RuntimeServices                    signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.memmap.Unusable                           signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.misc.fast_uexc_support                    unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.misc.interrupt_latency_max                string             A                   16
machdep.misc.nmis                                 int                I                   n/a
machdep.misc.panic_restart_timeout                int                I                   n/a
machdep.misc.timer_queue_trace                    string             A                   0     empty
machdep.pmap.hashcnts                             signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.pmap.hashmax                              int                I                   n/a
machdep.pmap.hashwalks                            signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.pmap.kern_pv_reserve                      int                I                   n/a
machdep.pmap.kernel_text_ps                       int                I                   n/a
machdep.tsc.at_boot                               signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.tsc.deep_idle_rebase                      unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.tsc.frequency                             signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.tsc.nanotime.generation                   unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.tsc.nanotime.ns_base                      signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.tsc.nanotime.scale                        unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.tsc.nanotime.shift                        unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.tsc.nanotime.tsc_base                     signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.tsc.rebase_abs_time                       signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.vectors.IPI                               unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.vectors.timer                             unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.x2apic_enabled                            int                I                   n/a
machdep.x86_fp_simd_isr_uses                      signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.bootplim                             unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.bootpst                              unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.cpu_thermal_level                    unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.deep_idle_count                      unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.deep_idle_last_stats                 string             A                   3
machdep.xcpm.deep_idle_log                        unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.deep_idle_total_stats                string             A                   3
machdep.xcpm.epp_override                         unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.forced_idle_period                   unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.forced_idle_ratio                    unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.gpu_thermal_level                    unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.hard_plimit_max_100mhz_ratio         unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.hard_plimit_min_100mhz_ratio         unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.io_control_disengages                unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.io_control_engages                   unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.io_cst_control_enabled               unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.io_epp_boost_enabled                 unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.io_filtered_reads                    signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.io_thermal_level                     unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.maxbusdelay                          signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.maxintdelay                          signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.mbd_applications                     signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.mbd_mode                             unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.mbd_relaxations                      signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.mid_applications                     signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.mid_cst_control_limit                unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.mid_mode                             signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.mid_mode_active                      signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.mid_relaxations                      signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.mode                                 unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.pcps_mode                            unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.pcps_rt_override_mode                signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.pcps_rt_override_ns                  signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.perf_hints                           unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.power_source                         unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.qos_txfr                             unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.ratio_change_ratelimit_ns            signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.ratio_changes_total                  signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.ring_boost_enabled                   unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.soft_plimit_max_100mhz_ratio         unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.soft_plimit_min_100mhz_ratio         unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.tuib_enabled                         unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.tuib_ns                              signed64           Q                   n/a
machdep.xcpm.tuib_plimit_max_100mhz_ratio         unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.tuib_plimit_min_100mhz_ratio         unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
machdep.xcpm.vectors_loaded_count                 unsignedInt        IU                  n/a
vm.vm_clump_promote_threshold                     unsignedInt        IU                  n/a




debug.acpi_flags
debug.acpi_layer
debug.acpi_level
debug.agpm.LogLevel
debug.AHCI
debug.AHCIDisk
debug.AHCIPortMultiplier
debug.brcmfirewirelog
debug.brcmlinkdebug
debug.brcmlogging
debug.intel.dtraceEnable
debug.intel.flipCount
debug.intel.GlobalUsageTotal_Busy_nSec
debug.intel.GlobalUsageTotal_nSec
debug.intel.gpuUsageEnables
debug.intel.gpuUsageEnablesCheck
debug.intel.graphicsTracePointEnable
debug.intel.IGInterruptControl
debug.intel.kdctlVersion
debug.intel.mSecCalcGPUBusy
debug.intel.oaEnable
debug.intel.perfEventEnable
debug.intel.ringBlit_nSec
debug.intel.ringBlitUsage
debug.intel.ringMain_nSec
debug.intel.ringMainUsage
debug.intel.ringMedia_nSec
debug.intel.ringMedia2_nSec
debug.intel.ringMedia2Usage
debug.intel.ringMediaUsage
debug.intel.ringOnSample
debug.intel.ringTakeSample
debug.intel.ringVEBox_nSec
debug.intel.ringVEBoxUsage
debug.intel.swapCount
debug.intel.telemetryAltConfig
debug.intel.telemetryConfig
debug.intel.telemetryMode
debug.intel.telemetryNumFrame
debug.intel.telemetrySampleLocations
debug.intel.telemetrySpot1
debug.intel.telemetryStartFrame
debug.intel.telemetryStatPasses
debug.intel.telemetryStopFrame
debug.intel.telemetryTestCase
debug.intel.telemetryUsageReportmSec
debug.intel.telemetryVersion
debug.intel.temp0
debug.intel.temp1
debug.intel.temp2
debug.intel.temp3
debug.intel.temp4
debug.intelfb.FakeType2Dongle
debug.intelfb.fLastRequestedPState
debug.intelfb.forceSlicesGTx
debug.intelfb.graphicsTracePointEnable
debug.intelfb.IGInterruptControl
debug.intelfb.sliceInfo
debug.intelfb.temp0
debug.intelfb.temp1
debug.intelfb.temp2
debug.intelfb.temp3
debug.intelfb.temp4
debug.intelfb.testCase
debug.ioppf
debug.kDisplayVar
debug.KernelPrintf
debug.USB
debug.wlan_ll_debug
hw.cputhreadtype
kern.dirtystatus_tracking_enabled
kern.hv.vmx_mitigations
kern.hv.vmx_supported_mitigations
kern.interrupt_timer_coalescing_enabled
kern.timer_coalesce_idle_entry_hard_deadline_max
kern.zleak.active
kern.zleak.global_threshold
kern.zleak.max_zonemap_size
kern.zleak.zone_threshold
machdep.cpu.address_bits.physical
machdep.cpu.address_bits.virtual
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.events
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.events_number
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.fixed_number
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.fixed_width
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.number
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.version
machdep.cpu.arch_perf.width
machdep.cpu.brand
machdep.cpu.cache.L2_associativity
machdep.cpu.cache.linesize
machdep.cpu.cache.size
machdep.cpu.extfamily
machdep.cpu.extfeature_bits
machdep.cpu.extfeatures
machdep.cpu.extmodel
machdep.cpu.flex_ratio.desired
machdep.cpu.flex_ratio.max
machdep.cpu.flex_ratio.min
machdep.cpu.leaf7_feature_bits
machdep.cpu.leaf7_feature_bits_edx
machdep.cpu.leaf7_features
machdep.cpu.max_basic
machdep.cpu.max_ext
machdep.cpu.microcode_version
machdep.cpu.model
machdep.cpu.mwait.extensions
machdep.cpu.mwait.linesize_max
machdep.cpu.mwait.linesize_min
machdep.cpu.mwait.sub_Cstates
machdep.cpu.processor_flag
machdep.cpu.signature
machdep.cpu.stepping
machdep.cpu.thermal.ACNT_MCNT
machdep.cpu.thermal.core_power_limits
machdep.cpu.thermal.dynamic_acceleration
machdep.cpu.thermal.energy_policy
machdep.cpu.thermal.fine_grain_clock_mod
machdep.cpu.thermal.hardware_feedback
machdep.cpu.thermal.invariant_APIC_timer
machdep.cpu.thermal.package_thermal_intr
machdep.cpu.thermal.sensor
machdep.cpu.thermal.thresholds
machdep.cpu.tlb.data.large
machdep.cpu.tlb.data.large_level1
machdep.cpu.tlb.data.small
machdep.cpu.tlb.data.small_level1
machdep.cpu.tlb.inst.large
machdep.cpu.tlb.inst.small
machdep.cpu.tlb.shared
machdep.cpu.tsc_ccc.denominator
machdep.cpu.tsc_ccc.numerator
machdep.cpu.ucupdate
machdep.cpu.vendor
machdep.cpu.xsave.extended_state
machdep.cpu.xsave.extended_state1
machdep.eager_timer_evaluation_max
machdep.eager_timer_evaluations
machdep.memmap.ACPINVS
machdep.memmap.ACPIReclaim
machdep.memmap.Conventional
machdep.memmap.Other
machdep.memmap.PalCode
machdep.memmap.Reserved
machdep.memmap.RuntimeServices
machdep.memmap.Unusable
machdep.misc.fast_uexc_support
machdep.misc.interrupt_latency_max
machdep.misc.nmis
machdep.misc.panic_restart_timeout
machdep.misc.timer_queue_trace
machdep.pmap.hashcnts
machdep.pmap.hashmax
machdep.pmap.hashwalks
machdep.pmap.kern_pv_reserve
machdep.pmap.kernel_text_ps
machdep.tsc.at_boot
machdep.tsc.deep_idle_rebase
machdep.tsc.frequency
machdep.tsc.nanotime.generation
machdep.tsc.nanotime.ns_base
machdep.tsc.nanotime.scale
machdep.tsc.nanotime.shift
machdep.tsc.nanotime.tsc_base
machdep.tsc.rebase_abs_time
machdep.vectors.IPI
machdep.vectors.timer
machdep.x2apic_enabled
machdep.x86_fp_simd_isr_uses
machdep.xcpm.bootplim
machdep.xcpm.bootpst
machdep.xcpm.cpu_thermal_level
machdep.xcpm.deep_idle_count
machdep.xcpm.deep_idle_last_stats
machdep.xcpm.deep_idle_log
machdep.xcpm.deep_idle_total_stats
machdep.xcpm.epp_override
machdep.xcpm.forced_idle_period
machdep.xcpm.forced_idle_ratio
machdep.xcpm.gpu_thermal_level
machdep.xcpm.hard_plimit_max_100mhz_ratio
machdep.xcpm.hard_plimit_min_100mhz_ratio
machdep.xcpm.io_control_disengages
machdep.xcpm.io_control_engages
machdep.xcpm.io_cst_control_enabled
machdep.xcpm.io_epp_boost_enabled
machdep.xcpm.io_filtered_reads
machdep.xcpm.io_thermal_level
machdep.xcpm.maxbusdelay
machdep.xcpm.maxintdelay
machdep.xcpm.mbd_applications
machdep.xcpm.mbd_mode
machdep.xcpm.mbd_relaxations
machdep.xcpm.mid_applications
machdep.xcpm.mid_cst_control_limit
machdep.xcpm.mid_mode
machdep.xcpm.mid_mode_active
machdep.xcpm.mid_relaxations
machdep.xcpm.mode
machdep.xcpm.pcps_mode
machdep.xcpm.pcps_rt_override_mode
machdep.xcpm.pcps_rt_override_ns
machdep.xcpm.perf_hints
machdep.xcpm.power_source
machdep.xcpm.qos_txfr
machdep.xcpm.ratio_change_ratelimit_ns
machdep.xcpm.ratio_changes_total
machdep.xcpm.ring_boost_enabled
machdep.xcpm.soft_plimit_max_100mhz_ratio
machdep.xcpm.soft_plimit_min_100mhz_ratio
machdep.xcpm.tuib_enabled
machdep.xcpm.tuib_ns
machdep.xcpm.tuib_plimit_max_100mhz_ratio
machdep.xcpm.tuib_plimit_min_100mhz_ratio
machdep.xcpm.vectors_loaded_count
vm.vm_clump_promote_threshold
